Review OS requirements (#4203)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_operating-system-requirements.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="operating-system-requirements"]
= Operating system requirements

ifdef::foreman-deb[]
The following operating systems are supported for deploying {Project}:
endif::[]
ifndef::foreman-deb[]

> The following operating system is supported for deploying {Project}:

Reviewer: Just a suggestion (non-blocking): Katello-builds currently only run on EL9. In the future, they might run on EL10 too. It looks like you have preprared for this eventuality by using a list.

However, you'd have to reword the introduction - at least for the grace period in which F+K runs on both EL9 and EL10 - from "operating system" to "operating systems".

As an alternative, we could just say `You run deploy and run {Project} on {EL} 9 (x86_64).`. You call; I am OK either way.

Author: I like how the bullet point highlights the most important part of the module, even if it really is a one-item list. However, you have a point about the need to update the intro in the future. So what I decided to do is move the bullet points into the same ifdef block as the introductions. It's not much but it might help whoever ends up updating the list in the future to also notice the introduction.

Installing {Project} on a system with Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux (EPEL) is not supported.
endif::[]

ifdef::satellite[]
You can install the operating system from a disc, local ISO image, Kickstart, or any other method that Red{nbsp}Hat supports.

Red{nbsp}Hat {ProductName} is supported on the latest version of {RHEL} 9 available at the time of installation.
Previous versions of {RHEL} including EUS or z-stream are not supported.

Red{nbsp}Hat {ProductName} requires a {RHEL} installation with the `@Base` package group with no other package-set modifications, and without third-party configurations or software not directly necessary for the direct operation of the server.
This restriction includes hardening and other non-Red{nbsp}Hat security software.
If you require such software in your infrastructure, install and verify a complete working {ProductName} first, then create a backup of the system before adding any non-Red{nbsp}Hat software.
endif::[]

ifeval::["{context}" == "{smart-proxy-context}"]
Do not register {SmartProxyServer} to the Red{nbsp}Hat Content Delivery Network (CDN).
endif::[]

ifdef::foreman-el,katello,orcharhino[]
.Additional resources

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="operating-system-requirements"]
= Operating system requirements

The following operating systems are supported for deploying {Project}:

> .Operating systems supported for deploying {Project}

Reviewer 2: Since you're already removing 1 column, can we adopt a simple list like in https://theforeman.org/manuals/3.15/quickstart_guide.html since it's now just 2 columns?

Author: I replaced the table with a list (both here and in the quickstart module).

[options="header"]
|====
| Operating system | Architecture

> ifdef::foreman-el,katello,orcharhino[]
> | {EL} 9 | x86_64 only
> endif::[]
> ifdef::satellite[]
> | {RHEL} 9 | x86_64 only
> endif::[]

Reviewer 2: `{EL}` expands to `{RHEL}` on Satellite so this can be
```suggestion
ifdef::foreman-el,katello,orcharhino,satellite[]
| {EL} 9 | x86_64 only
endif::[]
```

Or even:
```suggestion
ifndef::foreman-deb[]
| {EL} 9 | x86_64 only
endif::[]
```

Author: Updated here and in the quickstart module.

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="operating-system-requirements"]
= Operating system requirements

The following operating systems are supported for deploying {Project}:

.Operating systems supported for deploying {Project}
[options="header"]
|====
| Operating system | Architecture
ifdef::foreman-el,katello,orcharhino[]
| {EL} 9 | x86_64 only
endif::[]
ifdef::satellite[]
| {RHEL} 9 | x86_64 only
endif::[]
ifdef::foreman-deb[]
| Debian 12 (Bookworm) | amd64
| Ubuntu 22.04 (Jammy) | amd64
endif::[]
|====

ifdef::foreman-el,katello,orcharhino[]
Installing {Project} on a system with Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux (EPEL) is not supported.
endif::[]

ifdef::satellite[]
You can install the operating system from a disc, local ISO image, Kickstart, or any other method that Red{nbsp}Hat supports.

> Red{nbsp}Hat {ProductName} is supported on the latest version of {RHEL} 9 that is available at the time when {ProductName} is installed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Red{nbsp}Hat {ProductName} is supported on the latest version of {RHEL} 9 available at the time of installation.
```

The following operating systems are supported for deploying {Project}:

.Operating systems supported for deploying {Project}
[options="header"]
|====
| Operating system | Architecture
ifdef::foreman-el,katello,orcharhino[]
| {EL} 9 | x86_64 only
endif::[]
ifdef::satellite[]
| {RHEL} 9 | x86_64 only
endif::[]
ifdef::foreman-deb[]
| Debian 12 (Bookworm) | amd64
| Ubuntu 22.04 (Jammy) | amd64
endif::[]
|====

ifdef::foreman-el,katello,orcharhino[]

> Installing {Project} on a system with Extra Packages for {EL} (EPEL) is not supported.

Reviewer 2: You should write out EL because on Satellite it becomes RHEL. However, the [EPEL](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/epel/) will always have a fixed name.
```suggestion
Installing {Project} on a system with Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux (EPEL) is not supported.
```
